Diagnose performance issues
59
Performance
85
Accessibility
100
Best Practices
100
SEO
59
FCP
+1
LCP
+0
TBT
+30
CLS
+25
SI
+4
Performance
Values are estimated and may vary. The performance score is calculated directly from these metrics.See calculator.
0–49
50–89
90–100
Final Screenshot

METRICS
Expand view
First Contentful Paint
5.8 s
Largest Contentful Paint
14.3 s
Total Blocking Time
0 ms
Cumulative Layout Shift
0
Speed Index
6.5 s
Captured at 18 Apr 2026 at 07:39 GMT+12
Emulated Moto G Power with Lighthouse 13.0.1
Single-page session
Initial page load
Slow 4G throttling
Using HeadlessChromium 146.0.7680.177 with lr
View Treemap
Screenshot
Screenshot
Screenshot
Screenshot
Screenshot
Screenshot
Screenshot
Screenshot
Show audits relevant to:

All

FCP

LCP

TBT
INSIGHTS
Improve image delivery Est savings of 11,234 KiB
Render blocking requests Est savings of 1,220 ms
Forced reflow
LCP breakdown
LCP request discovery
Network dependency tree
Document request latency Est savings of 2 KiB
Optimise DOM size
Third parties
These insights are also available in the Chrome DevTools performance panel – record a trace to view more detailed information.
DIAGNOSTICS
Reduce unused JavaScript Est savings of 287 KiB
Reduce unused CSS Est savings of 63 KiB
Avoid enormous network payloads Total size was 12,062 KiB
Avoid long main-thread tasks 1 long task found
More information about the performance of your application. These numbers don't directly affect the performance score.
PASSED AUDITS (14)
Show
85
Accessibility
These checks highlight opportunities to improve the accessibility of your web app. Automatic detection can only detect a subset of issues and does not guarantee the accessibility of your web app, so manual testing is also encouraged.
NAMES AND LABELS
Buttons do not have an accessible name
These are opportunities to improve the semantics of the controls in your application. This may enhance the experience for users of assistive technology, such as a screen reader.
BEST PRACTICES
[user-scalable="no"] is used in the <meta name="viewport"> element or the [maximum-scale] attribute is less than 5.
These items highlight common accessibility best practices.
CONTRAST
Background and foreground colours do not have a sufficient contrast ratio.
These are opportunities to improve the legibility of your content.
ADDITIONAL ITEMS TO MANUALLY CHECK (10)
Hide
Interactive controls are keyboard focusable
Interactive elements indicate their purpose and state
Interactive elements, such as links and buttons, should indicate their state and be distinguishable from non-interactive elements. Learn how to decorate interactive elements with affordance hints.Unscored
The page has a logical tab order
Tabbing through the page follows the visual layout. Users cannot focus elements that are offscreen. Learn more about logical tab ordering.Unscored
Visual order on the page follows DOM order
DOM order matches the visual order, improving navigation for assistive technology. Learn more about DOM and visual ordering.Unscored
User focus is not accidentally trapped in a region
A user can tab into and out of any control or region without accidentally trapping their focus. Learn how to avoid focus traps.Unscored
The user's focus is directed to new content added to the page
HTML5 landmark elements are used to improve navigation
Offscreen content is hidden from assistive technology
Custom controls have associated labels
Custom controls have ARIA roles
These items address areas which an automated testing tool cannot cover. Learn more in our guide on conducting an accessibility review.
PASSED AUDITS (21)
Show
NOT APPLICABLE (36)
Show
100
Best Practices
TRUST AND SAFETY
Ensure CSP is effective against XSS attacks
Use a strong HSTS policy
Ensure proper origin isolation with COOP
Mitigate clickjacking with XFO or CSP
Mitigate DOM-based XSS with trusted types
GENERAL
Missing source maps for large first-party JavaScript
Source maps translate minified code to the original source code. This helps developers to debug in production. In addition, Lighthouse is able to provide further insights. Consider deploying source maps to take advantage of these benefits. Learn more about source maps.Unscored
URL
Map URL
line-marking.co.nz First Party
/assets/index-SCTD9wqR.js(line-marking.co.nz)
Large JavaScript file is missing a source map
PASSED AUDITS (12)
Hide
Uses HTTPS
Avoids deprecated APIs
Deprecated APIs will eventually be removed from the browser. Learn more about deprecated APIs.
Avoids third-party cookies
Allows users to paste into input fields
Avoids requesting the geolocation permission on page load
Avoids requesting the notification permission on page load
Displays images with correct aspect ratio
Serves images with appropriate resolution
Page has the HTML doctype
Properly defines charset
No browser errors logged to the console
No issues in the Issues panel in Chrome DevTools
NOT APPLICABLE (2)
Show
100
SEO
These checks ensure that your page is following basic search engine optimisation advice. There are many additional factors that Lighthouse does not score here that may affect your search ranking, including performance on Core Web Vitals. Learn more about Google Search essentials.
ADDITIONAL ITEMS TO MANUALLY CHECK (1)
Hide
Structured data is valid
Run the Structured Data Testing Tool to validate structured data. Learn more about structured data.Unscored
Run these additional validators on your site to check additional SEO best practices.
PASSED AUDITS (10)
Hide
Page isn’t blocked from indexing
Document has a <title> element
Document has a meta description
Page has successful HTTP status code
Links have descriptive text
Links are crawlable
robots.txt is valid
Image elements have [alt] attributes
Document has a valid hreflang
Document has a valid rel=canonical
